README.md, before:

# Linux Gaming Montage 2019
This is a living document describing the production of a sequal to last year's crowdsourced [./Games](https://youtu.be/3U8bLArlRXw) montage to show off where gaming on Linux is at in 2019. You'll find here instructions on how to contribute and rules on what will be accepted.

This year, I intend to release two videos. One for a normal upload, like last years, and also a short form social media video, to help spread the word a little further.

### Video Forms
* Long-form video to be uploaded to Youtube, 1920x1080, a few minutes long
* Short square video for easy sharing on Twitter/Insta or gif/WebM form 1080x1080, max 60 seconds, audio not required

### Video License
The video will be released under a [CC](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/) license, the exact form yet to be decided.

### Production
The video will be produced entirely with Open Source video and audio software e.g. ffmpeg, kdenlive and audacity. It'll be made up of a combination of personally recorded clips and those submitted from anyone who's willing to help.

# Submission rules 
I've divided the rules for submitting game videos into MUST, SHOULD and COULD sections.

### Rules for Games
MUST be at least Silver on ProtonDB or equivalent (see https://wiki.winehq.org/AppDB_Rating_Definitions)
SHOULD be at least Gold
COULD be Native or under Wine/Proton

### Rules for Video
MUST be recorded yourself (all work will be credited) 
MUST be recorded in 1080p
MUST not contain game music in audio
MUST be between 5 and 20 seconds long
SHOULD be taken of an interesting or key gameplay moment
SHOULD not be pre-recorded cutscenes
COULD contain game sound

### How to submit a clip
TBD

#### Repo License
This repository is shared under the terms of the MIT license

Commit message:

Add link to wiki and clean up other link

README.md, after:

# Linux Gaming Montage 2019
This is a living document describing the production of a sequal to last year's crowdsourced [./Games](https://youtu.be/3U8bLArlRXw) montage to show off where gaming on Linux is at in 2019. You'll find here instructions on how to contribute and rules on what will be accepted.

This year, I intend to release two videos. One for a normal upload, like last years, and also a short form social media video, to help spread the word a little further.

### Video Forms
* Long-form video to be uploaded to Youtube, 1920x1080, a few minutes long
* Short square video for easy sharing on Twitter/Insta or gif/WebM form 1080x1080, max 60 seconds, audio not required

### Video License
The video will be released under a [CC](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/) license, the exact form yet to be decided.

### Production
The video will be produced entirely with Open Source video and audio software e.g. ffmpeg, kdenlive and audacity. It'll be made up of a combination of personally recorded clips and those submitted from anyone who's willing to help.

# Submission rules 
I've divided the rules for submitting game videos into MUST, SHOULD and COULD sections. Please add submissions to [this wiki page](https://github.com/mdiluz/linux-video-2019/wiki/Game-Clips).

### Rules for Games
MUST be at least Silver on ProtonDB or equivalent (see [here](https://wiki.winehq.org/AppDB_Rating_Definitions))
SHOULD be at least Gold
COULD be Native or under Wine/Proton

### Rules for Video
MUST be recorded yourself (all work will be credited) 
MUST be recorded in 1080p
MUST not contain game music in audio
MUST be between 5 and 20 seconds long
SHOULD be taken of an interesting or key gameplay moment
SHOULD not be pre-recorded cutscenes
COULD contain game sound

### How to submit a clip
TBD

#### Repo License
This repository is shared under the terms of the MIT license
